PRIVATE SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into effective as of
the date of software installation, by and between qbee AS (hereinafter "qbee
AS"), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Norway, with its
head office located at: Rosenholmveien 25, 1414 Trollåsen, Norway, and you, the
user of the software (hereinafter "Licensee").

WHEREAS, qbee AS has developed and is the owner of a proprietary device
management platform. One of the components of this platform is this agent
software.(hereinafter "Software");

AND WHEREAS, Licensee desires to utilize the Software for the sole purpose of
connecting to qbee AS's infrastructure;

By installing the Software, the Licensee acknowledges that they have read and
understood this Agreement and agrees to be bound by its terms and conditions.
The Licensee further agrees that this is a supplemental license agreement for
the Software completing the Service Agreement.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE: qbee AS hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, personal right to install and use the Software on edge devices
owned or controlled by the Licensee solely for the purpose of device management
and connecting to qbee AS’s infrastructure, subject to the terms and conditions
herein. This License persists as long as Licensee retains a copy of the
Software.

2. RESTRICTIONS: Except as expressly provided in Section 1, Licensee shall not
(a) modify, adapt, translate, or create derivative works of the Software; (b)
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover the
source code of the Software; (c) rent, lease, sell, assign, or otherwise
transfer rights in or to the Software; (d) remove any proprietary notices or
labels on the Software; (e) use, post, transmit, or introduce any device,
software, or routine that interferes or attempts to interfere with the operation
of the Software; or (f) use the Software for purposes other than connecting to
qbee AS's infrastructure.

3. LIABILITY: To the maximum extent permitted by law, qbee AS shall not be
liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages,
or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or
any loss of data, use, good-will, or other intangible losses, resulting from (a)
the use or the inability to use the Software; (b) any conduct or content of any
third party on the Software.

4. COMMERCIAL TERMS: The commercial terms and conditions related to the
Software, including but not limited to pricing, are not part of this Agreement
but can be found on qbee AS's website at
https://www.app.qbee.io/service-agreement.

5. TERM AND TERMINATION: This Agreement becomes effective upon installation of
the Software by Licensee and continues until terminated by either party upon
notice, which may be given by email or by deinstallation. The Sections titled
"Restrictions," "Liability," "Term and Termination," "Governing Law," "Dispute
Resolution," and "Miscellaneous" will survive any termination or expiration of
this Agreement.

6. GOVERNING LAW: This Agreement, and any disputes arising out of or related
hereto, shall be governed exclusively by the laws of Norway, without regard to
its conflicts of laws rules.

7. DISPUTE RESOLUTION: Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this
Agreement, including any question regarding its existence, validity, or
termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration
administered by the Arbitration and Dispute Resolution Institute of the Oslo
Chamber of Commerce. The language of the arbitration shall be English.

8. MISCELLANEOUS: If any provision of this Agreement is found to be
unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated, to the
minimum extent necessary, so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full
force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable
or sublicensable by Licensee except with qbee AS's prior written consent.

